Sar backscatter include (#421)
eu-cdse/documentation: Data/SentinelMissions/Sentinel1.qmd

## openEO processing options 

> When accessing and working with the SENTINEL1_GRD data collection through openEO, users are required to perform SAR backscatter computation. If not specified, the process automatically uses default parameters which are not yet supported in this ecosystem, resulting in a 'KeyError' with the message: "Backscatter coefficient 'gamma0-terrain' is not supported."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with the SENTINEL1_GRD data collection through openEO, SAR backscatter computation is automatically applied. Unfortunately, the default backscatter coefficient "gamma0-terrain" is not yet supported in the openEO backend implementation of Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem, typically resulting in an error like "Backscatter coefficient 'gamma0-terrain' is not supported."
```

> Hence, to avoid this issue, users should use the **[`sar_backscatter()`](https://processes.openeo.org/draft/#sar_backscatter){target="_blank"}** method to process, calibrate and normalise Sentinel-1 radar backscatter products with the following processing options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, it is currently recommended to explicitly specify the [`sar_backscatter()`](https://processes.openeo.org/draft/#sar_backscatter){target="_blank"} process with the supported coefficient "sigma0-ellipsoid".
```
